scaffolder-backend: fix error behaviour in runCommand helper (#9482)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/brown-impalas-greet.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend': minor

Reviewer: Let's make this a `patch` since I'd consider the existing behavior to be broken

---

> Fix error handling on runCommand helper to return Error()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix error handling of the `runCommand` helper so that it always throws an `Error` instance.
```
